Let's look at how to import CSS, using the import
statement, so if you're like me, and a bit familiar
with create-react-app, then you will use things like this,
or maybe just the CSS file, but I want to use SCSS,
now, I already have this file, Session.scss,
okay, so I've got it set up to say I want the speaker's link
to be bold, and next is importing the CSS file,
but it's complaining;
that it doesn't understand how to parse this text,
understandably, and at this point, I would bust open Google,
start searching babel-loaders, web pack loaders,
and just get awfully confused, copy and past until I find
the right combination of inclinations, incantations,
and hopefully, it will eventually work, and I don't lose
a whole day just trying to do it.
Now, the developers working on Next had issues raised
about this kind of thing; how do you do it?
And they've basically come up with some plugins
that make this easy for us, so we're going to use
those plugins, and it'll give us support for SCSS files,
so these are the plugins that are currently available;
these are pretty new, as of recording this video,
but they are in use already; this list, I expect to grow,
and we're gonna be using the Next Sass plugin,
it's this one, and there are also some community ones,
I expect, yeah, kind of optimise images, seems like
a sensible one, and I expect these to kind of grow
over time, as people refine their work flows,
so we're gonna use this project, it's gonna go ahead
and npm instal Next Sass, now, whilst that's installing,
let's go and have a look at the documentation for this.
There are two, key parts that we need to do,
to get a CSS loader to work; the first one is to include
this style sheet, okay?
This style sheet is key, and it's really easy to overlook;
you have to include this style sheet, because this is what
Next will compile inside of its server, and when it imports
your Sass file, it'll turn it into CSS, and it will inject
it into this underscore next static style.css file,
so we have to include this in our document;
now, if you watched the earlier videos, you will have seen
how to use a document for a common template;
if not, have a look at the examples, here.
Otherwise, that's the first step we have to do;
the next step is to include the withSass next conflict,
okay, so we're gonna go off to our next conflict,
and we're gonna import the withSass, and all we're gonna do
is just wrap our configuration, withSass, withSass,
and that is it, okay, in theory,
in theory, so we're gonna stop
and start our server, okay?
And this should now have the withSass built in,
and it's now spewing out errors, and for the sharp eyed
developer out there, you would have spotted, below,
we have warnings, okay?
So when I installed node next sass, it was throwing
warnings; the problem is, I have warnings that happen
every time, when I instal, okay?
So a warning about no description in my package,
no repository in my package, and I've become rather blind
to npm warnings, and this is where I basically missed
important messages, and here, we're being told
we need to instal the peer dependency of node sass,
okay, so it's two warnings; one says next sass requires
node sass, and the sass loader requires no sass,
so we need to instal that dependency, as well,
okay, so let's get that going.
I'm going to stop our server whilst that instals,
and once that's done, we will start the server again,
okay, so we're starting the server again,
now we have node sass fully installed, and hopefully,
if we look at our work page, let's give it a wait, maybe,
it should auto refresh, there you go, it auto refreshed,
so it built, but we don't have any styles;
I think that's because I was missing a class name,
here, Speaker, and there you go, bold,
and it's a lot of work for a bold tag, but hopefully,
you get the concept, so this is now being compiled
in real time; you can see that the font weight, there,
is changing from family monospace, and that's all happening,
look at that; this is potentially why I am not a designer.
Making fonts bigger, cool, so this works,
but there's one extension I'm going to show you,
to this; we can actually turn these into CSS modules,
and I quite like this, because it keeps the CSS or the Sass
files separate, whilst having the benefits of scoped CSS,
and if we add just the property CSS modules, true;
we will be able to import the CSS from here,
we just console log that out, just check it works, whoops,
so I think, yeah, I need to do a restyle, here,
because of the conflict change at next level,
rather than in our code that's being executed.
So just refresh that, that's good,
so I was logging out the CSS, and we can see, we now have
kind of a unique ID for, well, scoped value for
our speaker class, and instead of using className
equals Speaker, we'll change that to css.Speaker,
and now, it should continue to work as we expect,
and let's get rid of that; let's get rid of the font family,
and what it means that our CSS is scoped,
we inspect that link, nope, not that one, okay, here.
Where has it gone?
(mumbling)
Okay, so these are just being loaded, one off the other,
but there, you can see, this is the unique identifier
for that class, so we have scoped, effectually,
scoped CSS, which means if I have a, let me see,
we have a speaker somewhere else, and it won't make it bold,
and I don't know, let's do it here,
className equals Speaker,
so that won't be bold; cool, and effectually,
we can then make that whole thing a component,
with the styles in one directory, tests in one directory,
JavaScript in one directory, and one nice unit of code,
so that is how to do importing,
well, CSS, but also SCSS, same applies for less,
exactly the same process, just don't forget this one line;
that will be the gotcha; if you forget this line,
it doesn't work at all, cool.